Demo 2 Final Draft 7ft contains the code used for the localization and controls portion of demo 2 for the straight line movement, driving to the beacon when the marker has been detected, going within 1 foot of it. It works by initially rotating continuously in a circle, caused by sending opposite sign voltages to each motor, while the camera looks for the beacon, when the beacon is detected the robot stops movement. Then, it turns the necessary degrees to align with the beacon. This originally was going to be done by the camera communicating the angle, but due to unforseen issues, this was a constant value, as the robot detects the beacon at approximately the same position each time. Once again, spinning by having opposing directions of voltages to enable the spin to a specific degree. This specific degree is found via a calculation and information given by the RaberryPi using the hardcoded 7 feet number and an arctangent function,Then upon completion of angle correction, it drives the straight line distance by sending same signed volatges, of relatively same value to propel the robot to the desired distance. Once, the desired distance has been reached, the robot enters the stop state and its journey is concluded. 

Demo 2 Final Draft Cricumnavigate contains the code used for the localization and controls portion of demo 2 for the circling beacon aspect of demo 2, going within 1 ft of the beacon and making a complete circle within 3 inches of its starting position. It works by initially rotating continuously in a circle, caused by sending opposite sign voltages to each motor, while the camera looks for the beacon, when the beacon is detected the robot stops movement.Once the beacon is found by the camera, the Pi then sends a bit that tells the robot to stop turning. Then, it turns the necessary degrees for proper alignment. This angle correction was given through a constant. Once again, spinning by having opposing directions of voltages to enable the spin to a specific degree. Then upon completion of angle correction, it drives the straight line distance by sending same signed volatges, of relatively same value to propel the robot to the desired distance. This straightline distance consisted of driving the tangent of the beacon, rather than straight at it, reducing transitions. Once, the straightline distance has been reached the robot comes to a stop. Then, voltages of the same sign but of different magnitudes are sent to each motor, driving the distance required to perform a circle within a 1 ft radius. Once the robot completes its circle around the beacon, it enters the stop state and its journey is concluded. 

The Rasberry Pi is directly connected to both a webcam via uart and the arduino via I2C. It reads the image from the camera, scanning for any aruco markers utilizing the OpenCV library. Whenever an aruco marker is detected, a bit is sent to the arduino to stop rotating. A small sleep is then called to allow the picture to stabalize, and then another image is captured. By using the fact that the marker is exaclty 7 feet away, a correction angle is caluclated, and then sent to the arduino as well to aid in either the circumnaviagte or the straight line. 
